Rating historik
Sortera personer efter sitt betyg, totalt betyg, sedda filmer, totalt filmer
Musik - Importera iTunes biblotek!!!!!
Boxoffice - Integration
Filmmusik

User awards
Awards
Publishers

Uträknade (ärvda) betyg borde vara gråare, satta starkare så att man kan se vilka man har satt

Ratings:

- People
User
User total
CMDB
CMDB total

- Movie
User
CMDB
IMDB
TMDB
Rotten Critics
Rotten User
Metacritics

Like Love Hate Star

User compare
+ Should watch movies with other user who likes the same
+ Match rating with other user
+ You may also like based on users who liked/disliked the same movies as you

Userlists + comments?

Tagline - Where your rating is the key

Total	Totalt	The total rating.
	Story	Uppbyggnad	
		Plot	Handling	Was the events of the plot interesting, did it s
			Exposition	Anslag och presentation
			Conflict	Fördjupning 
			Rising action	Upptrappning 
			Climax	Klimax
			Falling action
			Resolution	Avrundning	Was the ending rewarding? the events leading upp . Was it predictable 
		Pacing	Tempo	Was it easy to follow that was going on in the plot, did events , did too little happen or too little with not enough depth.
		Editing	Klippning	Was the lenght of the shots right. Were transitions between scenes good and did the sceens fit together and feel in the right order?
		Lighting	Ljussättning	How well was the scenes lit, shadows, hard to see ,
		Immersion	Uppslukande	
		Continuity	Kontinuitet	Was the events and tec 
	Video	Bild	How well did the movie's imigary look visually?
		Look and feel	Utseende	Whether it was good or not, did the visuals fit the world and story.
		Quality	Kvalitet	What was the actual quality of the images shown?
		Cinematography	Filmografi	How was the camera work and did it fit the world and story. Were angles, distance and movement right.
		Costumes	Klädsel	How was the costumes and props.
		Sets	Miljöer	Set design and locations.
		Special effects	Special effekter
		Visual effects	Visuella effekter
	Audio	Ljud	How was the sound?
		Music	Musik	Was the music good, well balanced with other sound and fit the world, characters and story.
		Sound effects	Ljudeffekter	Was the m
		Vocal	Tal	Was the vocals and speech of the 
	Actors	Skådespelare	How well did the actors perform their roles in the movie?
		Acting	Skådespeleri	How was the quality of the actors' acting?
		Involvement	Inlevelse	How devoted, prepared and interested did the actors seem to be in the movie and making it good.
		Casting	Roller	Was the different actors well cast for their different roles.
	Characters	Karaktärer	How good was the quality of the characters.
		Personalities	Personligheter	Likable, relatable. Were they interesting and could you care for what happended to them.
		Dialogue	Dialoger	How good was the dialogues written for the character and how well did it fit their personallity.
		Credibility	Trovärdighet	Was the characters actions and dialogue compared to their personalty, their interaction with other characters, the world around them and the events of the plot.
	Rewatchable	Omsevärdhet	How pleaseant would it be to rewatch compared to the first view.
	Memorable	Minnesvärd	How likley you are to remember och think about elements of the movies, whether it be scences, dialogs, characters, feelings or anything else.

Tags
#boring
#slow
#funny
#


UI:
* Expand collapse areas + save
* User CSS settings
* Quick links

Service:
* Expired cache items

Server:
2017-07-15 IP: 2.248.189.234
2017-07-16 IP: 2.248.189.234
2017-07-18 IP: 2.248.189.234
2017-08-03 IP: 90.229.244.195
2017-09-08 IP: 90.229.244.195
2017-10-06 IP: 213.64.69.165